GDash
-----
An Emerald Mine-like game for GTK+.
Use the cursor keys and Ctrl to move.


Compiling
---------
Compiling the game goes the usual way. After uncompressing, you can
use the 'configure' script to detect libraries and create makefiles,
then use 'make' and maybe 'make install', if needed:

	./configure [parameters]
	make
	make install

The game uses the glib library. For compiling, headers and development
libraries are also needed from the glib package.
The program comes in two versions, the GTK+-based 'gdash', which has
a cave editor, too. The other one is the SDL-based 'sdash', which is
very similar to the original C64 game, and has joystick support, and
a very nice fullscreen support.
Sound support can also be enabled, if SDL is available. (It is enabled
by default.)
The switches to control the libraries are:

	--with-gtk and --without-gtk, to compile or to skip the menu-driven
	gdash version.
	
	--with-sdl and --without-sdl, to control the build of the sdl
	version. 
	
	--enable-sound and --disable-sound, to use sounds or not. For sounds,
	SDL is needed, so --enable-sound --without-sdl is an invalid
	combination.
	
For example, if you do not have GTK+, and plan to build only the C64-like
sdash, you can use:

	./configure --without-gtk
	make

Remember that glib is needed in either case. Also, some icons and
pictures are inlined in the executables. The include/ directory comes
with these .h files readily generated, but if you change one of the .png
files, the gdk-pixbuf-csource application is needed to regenerate them,
which is part of the GTK+ development package.

To build the Windows installer, you can use MinGW and the Msys environment.
Type 'make gdash.nsi' in the shell, and open the resulting 'gdash.nsi' file
in NSIS.



util/any2gdash
--------------
You can use the any2gdash tool to convert caves found in snapshot files.
This tool extracts information, and creates a binary file,
which is similar to the internal format of an engine found in the snapshot.

Currently it loads BD1, BD2, PLCK, 1stB and CrLi snapshots.
Using these internal formats is important for now, as the GDash
engine is not completed yet. A later version can interpret some bytes
from the file, which some older one did not; yet it is not necessary to
import a game again for this.
Also these internal formats are subject to change, as I'm going on with
development, so converting all your games is somewhat discouraged for now.
In turn, conversions are very useful to test the engine and compatibility.
So treat the converted games as a way to test GDash and help me with
describing any problem you may find.


BDCFF files
-----------
Default values for cave properties are sometimes changed, as the file format
evolves. Some properties might change if a caveset is loaded,
which was saved with an older version. You can use the 'Remove all unknown
tags' option in the editor menu to get rid of older or unknown options.

Importing may not be complete and correct for all games and engines.
There may be some unplayable caves, as older games had no precise timing.

As the game is sometimes changed, highscores may be lost due to the changing
checksums generated.




Themes
------						  
The game also supports themes. You can use the installed png file as a
template. Cells can have any arbitrary size, not necessarily 16x16 pixels.
However, they must be squares, and the image must have an alpha channel.
If the image has only a small number of colours (fully saturated red for
foreground colour 1, fully saturated green for amoeba...), the game will use
original C64 colours, different ones for every cave. Whether the png file is
interpreted as a true colour image or one with C64 colours, depends on the
colour values used, and is autodetected. An image file with only #000000,
#00FF00 and the like is taken as a C64 theme.

For C64 themes, the meaning of colors are these:
- Transparent: you should use it everywhere where there is no drawing.
- Black 0x000000: background color.
- Red 0xff0000: foreground color 1.
- Purple 0xff00ff: foreground color 2.
- Yellow 0xffff00: foreground color 3.
- Green 0x00ff00: amoeba.
- Blue 0x0000ff: slime.
- Cyan 0x00ffff: used internally for the editor, will be converted to black
  pixels around arrows.
- White 0xffffff: for the editor; will the color of arrows.

Beware that the SDL version is only able to load .BMP files.



Send e-mail to: cirix <cirix@fw.hu>
